# Stand-up Meeting
Date: 09-05-2022

#### Points to be discussed
- TA Meeting
- Coach Meeting
- Client Meeting
- Midterm
- Buddycheck deadline: [May 15, 2022 11:59 PM]
#### Notes
- TA meeting
	- Project plan feedback.
	- Demo for TA on progress
	- New Repository for 'Mirte Web Interface'
	- New Repository for 'Mirte sensor python'
	- Midterm general idea
- Client Meeting
	- Ask about vacation
	- Demo of current progress
	- Clarify Web Interface
	- Mirte internet connectivity
- Coach Meeting
	- General introductions
	- Feedback on project plan
- Upload build file to git
	- ignore changes, always take latest version

### Sprint week 4
- Finish up Sprint 3
- Fix bugs of Sprint 3
- Start with report: [Designing your product](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/lms/dropbox/user/folder_submit_files.d2l?db=84659&grpid=494006&isprv=0&bp=0&ou=399718)

Pieter:
	Worked on:
	- Button publisher✔
	- Slider publisher✔
	- GPS publisher✔
	Walked into: 
	- Not much            
	Going to work on:   

Anish:
	Worked on:
	- Camera publisher✔
	Walked into: 
	- Testing      
	Going to work on:
	- Testing for Camera publisher 

Tijs:
	Worked on:
	- Text publisher✔
	- Mirte testing
	Walked into:  
	- Lack of Repositories
	- Mirte connectivity issues -> ask martin           
	Going to work on:    

Mike:
	Worked on:
	- Magnetic Declination publisher 
	- Table of contents
	Walked into:
	- Issues on testing sensor    
	Going to work on:    
	
Gijs:
	Worked on: -
	Walked into: -            
	Going to work on: -