## TA meeting
Datum: 26-04-2022
##### To be discussed
- Requirements
- Code of Conduct
- Mailing the Coach
- Setting up GitLab
- Details around Midterm presentation?

##### Notes
- Weekly TA meetings on monday: time TBD
	- Either on campus on in RoboHouse

- Contact TA with repo name GitLab

- Import project instead of push to leave paper trail

- ROS 1 or 2, does this affect roslibjs functionality?

- Ask Martin about
	- Specific ROS version to use
	- TypeScript or JavaScript
	- if Martin wants access to GitLab
	
- Next week TA meeting will be Monday 2nd of May, any timeslot before the last
	- probably 16:30 --> became 16:45
	
- Create GitLab group

- Send repo information 

- Coach: defends interests of TU, quality of deliverable

- Communication with TA: mattermost prefered
 