# Stand-up Meeting
Date: 8th of June, 2022
#### Points to be discussed
- Style improvement across entire report document? 

#### Notes
Today: merge MRs.

Pieter:
	Going to work on:   /sensor/ page 

Anish:
	Going to work on:  add blocks for all sensors and actuator.

Tijs:
	Going to work on: Finish Slider workflow with Python and Blockly.   

Mike:
	Going to work on:   Checkbox Tests, add blocks for all sensors and actuator. 
	
Gijs:
	Going to work on: Ambient Light Sensor Tests, add blocks for all sensors and actuators. 


#### Preparation for Client Meeting
- Mirte Sensor Library: Secured webpages: HTTPS/WSS
- Show off HTML editor.
- Show off Slider example.

Nog te doen:
- /sensor implementeren
- Python Abstraction
- Make an epic demo: POV you're a student