# Stand-up Meeting
Date: 18-05-2022
#### Points to be discussed
- Midterm
#### Notes
Midterm:
Presenters: Gijs, Pieter (and Tijs for the demo)
Presentation part content deadline: [18-05-2022, 23:59]
- Introduction
	- Problem
	- Aim
- Design -> @Anish
	- Frameworks and dependencies -> RosLib
- Development process -> @Gijs
	- Project plan 
	- work flow
- Tooling and testing -> @Mike
	- Testing
	- Code quality
- Progress -> @Pieter
	- Library progress
	- Goals for the following 5 weeks
- Demo -> @Tijs
Pieter:
	Worked on: 
	- Life sucked cause pipeline, fixed pipeline bug
	- Technical writing
	- Finished image subscriber
	Walked into: pipeline bug
	Going to work on: Presentation and demo

Anish:
	Worked on:
	- Technical writing
	- fixed the requestPermission 
	Walked into: -  
	Going to work on: 
	- Check permissions
	- presentation

Tijs:
	Worked on: 
	- Demo
	- Camera data not working
	Walked into: Mirte only wants to send camera through https           
	Going to work on: Demo

Mike:
	Worked on: -
	Walked into: -        
	Going to work on: - 
	
Gijs:
	Worked on: 
	- Fixed agenda's
	- Technical writing
	- Blockly and python designs
	Walked into: .srv files -> dependency of mirte       
	Going to work on: 
	- Permissions 
	- Working on python and blockly
	- working on services