## TA meeting
Datum: 02-05-2022
##### To be discussed
- Code of Conduct
- Coach meeting date and time
- Gitlab whitelist?
- Standup meeting -> formally keep track of meetings?
	- How thorough should the sprint be maintained 
##### Notes
- Present: Mike, Pieter, Anish, Tijs, Gijs, Giuseppe
- Not Present: -

- Dont worry too much about CoC
- End of week -> know more about meeting with coach
	- Meeting will probably be in week 4
	- Midtermweek -> mornings not available for presentation 
- Ask for whitelist of RH IP
	- Ask sander for issues on IP-ban
- Anything that can showcase how much we did should be documented
	- Notes on meeting
	- code review on GitLab
	- Not too thorough about sprint, but all relevant
- BS Rubrics check ->
	- check on grading rubric, since our process will be defended based on rubric.